applications: nrf_desktop: Inform that config channel is disabled (#6022)
nrfconnect/sdk-nrf: applications/nrf_desktop/doc/config_channel.rst

On the HID feature report level, the host can set or get report, either to or from the connected device.
The host initiates all data exchange.

.. note::

>    If the device supports multiple USB or BLE HID instances, only one USB HID instance and only one BLE HID instance can be used to configure device.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   If the device supports multiple USB or Bluetooth® LE HID instances, only one USB HID instance and only one Bluetooth® LE HID instance can be used to configure the device.
```

>    Other HID instances ignore HID report set and respond with disconnected status on HID report get to indicate that the HID instance is not used for configuration channel.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  Other HID instances ignore the HID report set method and respond with the disconnected status on the HID report get method to indicate that the HID instance is not used for configuration channel.
```
